[oneTBB] Heterogeneous overloads for concurrent_hash_map (#356)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/containers/concurrent_hash_map_cls/iterators.rst

        std::pair<const_iterator, const_iterator> equal_range( const key_type& key ) const;

    **Returns**: a range containing an element that is equivalent to ``key``.

>     If there is no such element in the container - ``{end(), end()}`` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If there is no such element in the container, returns ``{end(), end()}`` .
```

--------------------------

    .. code:: cpp

        template <typename K>
        std::pair<iterator, iterator> equal_range( const K& key );

        template <typename K>
        std::pair<const_iterator, const_iterator> equal_range( const K& key ) const;

    **Returns**: a range containing an element which compares equivalent to the value ``key``.

>     If there is no such element in the container - ``{end(), end()}``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If there is no such element in the container, returns ``{end(), end()}``.
```

>     a pair of iterators ``{f, l}``, where ``f`` is an iterator to this element,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    returns a pair of iterators ``{f, l}``, where ``f`` is an iterator to this element,
```

Author: I have rephrased this section in the other manner.

    ``l`` is ``std::next(f)``.
    Otherwise, ``{end(), end()}``.

--------------------------

    .. code:: cpp

        template <typename K>
        std::pair<iterator, iterator> equal_range( const K& key );

        template <typename K>
        std::pair<const_iterator, const_iterator> equal_range( const K& key ) const;

>     If an element with the key which compares equivalent with ``key`` exists in the container,

Reviewer 2: @alexandraepan, @kboyarinov  what do you think about the following rephrasing?

And don't we miss the `returns` verb somewhere?

```suggestion
    If the container has an element that is equivalent to the argument, returns
```

>     If an element with the key which compares equivalent with ``key`` exists in the container,

Author: I have rephrased this sentence here and in other place to align with [cppreference](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/unordered_map/equal_range).
